[item]
id=1
name=Health Potion
level=5
icon=40
effect=hp_restore
type=consumable
sfx=potion
loot=health_potion

[item]
id=2
name=Mana Potion
level=6
icon=41
effect=mp_restore
type=consumable
sfx=potion
loot=mana_potion

[item]
id=7
name=Diamond
level=10
quality=high
icon=36
type=gem
sfx=gem
loot=gem

[item]
id=8
name=Emerald
level=7
quality=high
icon=37
type=gem
sfx=gem
loot=gem

[item]
id=9
name=Ruby
level=9
quality=high
icon=38
type=gem
sfx=gem
loot=gem

[item]
id=10
name=Sapphire
level=8
quality=high
icon=39
type=gem
sfx=gem
loot=gem


[item]
id=50
name=Clothes
level=1
quality=normal
type=body
icon=112,16
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=51
name=Tattered Clothes
level=1
quality=low
type=body
icon=112,16
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=55
name=Dwarven Clothes
level=2
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
bonus=health,3
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=56
name=Clothes of Restoration
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
bonus=health regen,1
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=57
name=Elven Clothes
level=2
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
bonus=mana,3
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=58
name=Clothes of Meditation
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
bonus=mana regen,1
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=59
name=Battle Clothes
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=60
name=Clothes of Accuracy
level=2
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
bonus=accuracy,2
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=61
name=Clothes of Avoidance
level=2
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
bonus=avoidance,4
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=62
name=Summer Clothes
level=2
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
bonus=fire resist,10
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=63
name=Winter Clothes
level=2
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
bonus=ice resist,10
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=64
name=Clothes of Slaying
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
bonus=crit,1
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=70
name=Warlord Clothes
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
bonus=health,6
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=71
name=Clothes of Victory
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
bonus=health regen,2
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=72
name=Archmage Clothes
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
bonus=mana,6
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=73
name=Clothes of Wizardry
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
bonus=mana regen,2
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=74
name=Ancient Clothes
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=75
name=Clothes of Precision
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
bonus=accuracy,5
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=76
name=Clothes of Protection
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
bonus=avoidance,7
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=77
name=Fiery Clothes
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
bonus=fire resist,15
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=78
name=Frozen Clothes
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
bonus=ice resist,15
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=79
name=Clothes of Destruction
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=0,1
bonus=crit,2
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=85
name=Butcher's Apron
level=6
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=health,9
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=86
name=Medic Wrap
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=health regen,3
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=87
name=Wizard Tunic
level=6
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=mana,9
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=88
name=Spellwoven Clothes
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=mana regen,3
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=89
name=Hunter's Garb
level=6
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=accuracy,8
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=90
name=Night Watch
level=6
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=avoidance,10
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=91
name=Nomad Rags
level=6
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=fire resist,20
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=92
name=Fur-Lined Tunic
level=6
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=ice resist,20
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=93
name=Vigilante
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=crit,3
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=100
name=Dagger
level=2
quality=normal
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=101
name=Rusted Dagger
level=1
quality=low
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=1,5
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=102
name=Cursed Dagger
level=1
quality=low
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=accuracy,-3
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=103
name=Dull Dagger
level=1
quality=low
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=crit,-1
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=105
name=Dwarven Dagger
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=health,4
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=106
name=Dagger of Restoration
level=4
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=health regen,1
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=107
name=Elven Dagger
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=mana,2
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=108
name=Dagger of Meditation
level=4
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=mana regen,1
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=109
name=Battle Dagger
level=4
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=3,7
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=110
name=Dagger of Accuracy
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=accuracy,3
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=111
name=Dagger of Avoidance
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=avoidance,3
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=112
name=Summer Dagger
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=fire resist,8
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=113
name=Winter Dagger
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=ice resist,8
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=114
name=Dagger of Slaying
level=4
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,6
bonus=crit,1
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=120
name=Warlord Dagger
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,7
bonus=health,7
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=121
name=Dagger of Victory
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,7
bonus=health regen,2
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=122
name=Archmage Dagger
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,7
bonus=mana,5
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=123
name=Dagger of Wizardry
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,7
bonus=mana regen,2
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=124
name=Ancient Dagger
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=125
name=Dagger of Precision
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,7
bonus=accuracy,6
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=126
name=Dagger of Protection
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,7
bonus=avoidance,6
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=127
name=Fiery Dagger
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,7
bonus=fire resist,11
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=128
name=Frozen Dagger
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,7
bonus=ice resist,11
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=129
name=Dagger of Destruction
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=2,7
bonus=crit,2
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=135
name=Sacrificial Knife
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
bonus=health,10
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=136
name=Thorn
level=8
quality=epic
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
bonus=health regen,3
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=137
name=Mind Shard
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
bonus=mana,8
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=138
name=Ether Slice
level=8
quality=epic
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
bonus=mana regen,3
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=139
name=Pinpoint
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
bonus=accuracy,9
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=140
name=Dancing Knife
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
bonus=avoidance,9
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=141
name=Fire Shard
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
bonus=fire resist,14
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=142
name=Ice Shard
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
bonus=ice resist,14
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=143
name=Goblin Carver
level=8
quality=epic
type=main
icon=96,0
dmg=4,8
bonus=crit,3
req=p,2
sfx=metal
gfx=dagger
loot=dagger

[item]
id=150
name=Shortsword
level=4
quality=normal
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=151
name=Rusted Shortsword
level=3
quality=low
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=2,7
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=152
name=Cursed Shortsword
level=3
quality=low
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=accuracy,-3
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=153
name=Dull Shortsword
level=3
quality=low
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=crit,-1
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=155
name=Dwarven Shortsword
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=health,4
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=156
name=Shortsword of Restoration
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=health regen,1
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=157
name=Elven Shortsword
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=mana,2
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=158
name=Shortsword of Meditation
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=mana regen,1
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=159
name=Battle Shortsword
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=4,9
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=160
name=Shortsword of Accuracy
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=accuracy,3
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=161
name=Shortsword of Avoidance
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=avoidance,3
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=162
name=Summer Shortsword
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=fire resist,8
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=163
name=Winter Shortsword
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=ice resist,8
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=164
name=Shortsword of Slaying
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,8
bonus=crit,1
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=170
name=Warlord Shortsword
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,9
bonus=health,7
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=171
name=Shortsword of Victory
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,9
bonus=health regen,2
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=172
name=Archmage Shortsword
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,9
bonus=mana,5
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=173
name=Shortsword of Wizardry
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,9
bonus=mana regen,2
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=174
name=Ancient Shortsword
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=175
name=Shortsword of Precision
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,9
bonus=accuracy,6
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=176
name=Shortsword of Protection
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,9
bonus=avoidance,6
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=177
name=Fiery Shortsword
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,9
bonus=fire resist,11
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=178
name=Frozen Shortsword
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,9
bonus=ice resist,11
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=179
name=Shortsword of Destruction
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=3,9
bonus=crit,2
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=185
name=Gladius
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
bonus=health,10
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=186
name=Mending Blade
level=10
quality=epic
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
bonus=health regen,3
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=187
name=Mana Edge
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
bonus=mana,8
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=188
name=Demon Pact
level=10
quality=epic
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
bonus=mana regen,3
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=189
name=Watchman's Blade
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
bonus=accuracy,9
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=190
name=Parry Blade
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
bonus=avoidance,9
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=191
name=Summersword
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
bonus=fire resist,14
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=192
name=Wintersword
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
bonus=ice resist,14
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=193
name=Sting
level=10
quality=epic
type=main
icon=97,1
dmg=5,10
bonus=crit,3
req=p,3
sfx=metal
gfx=shortsword
loot=shortsword

[item]
id=200
name=Longsword
level=6
quality=normal
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=201
name=Rusted Longsword
level=5
quality=low
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=3,9
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=202
name=Cursed Longsword
level=5
quality=low
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=accuracy,-3
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=203
name=Dull Longsword
level=5
quality=low
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=crit,-1
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=205
name=Dwarven Longsword
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=health,4
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=206
name=Longsword of Restoration
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=health regen,1
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=207
name=Elven Longsword
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=mana,2
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=208
name=Longsword of Meditation
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=mana regen,1
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=209
name=Battle Longsword
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=5,11
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=210
name=Longsword of Accuracy
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=accuracy,3
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=211
name=Longsword of Avoidance
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=avoidance,3
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=212
name=Summer Longsword
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=fire resist,8
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=213
name=Winter Longsword
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=ice resist,8
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=214
name=Longsword of Slaying
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,10
bonus=crit,1
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=220
name=Warlord Longsword
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,11
bonus=health,7
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=221
name=Longsword of Victory
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,11
bonus=health regen,2
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=222
name=Archmage Longsword
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,11
bonus=mana,5
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=223
name=Longsword of Wizardry
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,11
bonus=mana regen,2
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=224
name=Ancient Longsword
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=225
name=Longsword of Precision
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,11
bonus=accuracy,6
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=226
name=Longsword of Protection
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,11
bonus=avoidance,6
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=227
name=Fiery Longsword
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,11
bonus=fire resist,11
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=228
name=Frozen Longsword
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,11
bonus=ice resist,11
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=229
name=Longsword of Destruction
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=4,11
bonus=crit,2
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=235
name=Excalibur
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
bonus=health,10
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=236
name=Vampiric Sword
level=12
quality=epic
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
bonus=health regen,3
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=237
name=Glamdring
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
bonus=mana,8
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=238
name=Durendal
level=12
quality=epic
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
bonus=mana regen,3
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=239
name=Rapier
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
bonus=accuracy,9
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=240
name=Dueling Sword
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
bonus=avoidance,9
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=241
name=Flame Edge
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
bonus=fire resist,14
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=242
name=Frost Edge
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
bonus=ice resist,14
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=243
name=Vorpal Sword
level=12
quality=epic
type=main
icon=98,2
dmg=6,12
bonus=crit,3
req=p,4
sfx=metal
gfx=longsword
loot=longsword

[item]
id=250
name=Greatsword
level=8
quality=normal
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=251
name=Rusted Greatsword
level=7
quality=low
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=4,11
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=252
name=Cursed Greatsword
level=7
quality=low
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=accuracy,-3
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=253
name=Dull Greatsword
level=7
quality=low
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=crit,-1
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=255
name=Dwarven Greatsword
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=health,4
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=256
name=Greatsword of Restoration
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=health regen,1
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=257
name=Elven Greatsword
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=mana,2
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=258
name=Greatsword of Meditation
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=mana regen,1
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=259
name=Battle Greatsword
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=6,13
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=260
name=Greatsword of Accuracy
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=accuracy,3
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=261
name=Greatsword of Avoidance
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=avoidance,3
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=262
name=Summer Greatsword
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=fire resist,8
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=263
name=Winter Greatsword
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=ice resist,8
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=264
name=Greatsword of Slaying
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,12
bonus=crit,1
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=270
name=Warlord Greatsword
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,13
bonus=health,7
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=271
name=Greatsword of Victory
level=12
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,13
bonus=health regen,2
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=272
name=Archmage Greatsword
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,13
bonus=mana,5
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=273
name=Greatsword of Wizardry
level=12
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,13
bonus=mana regen,2
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=274
name=Ancient Greatsword
level=12
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=275
name=Greatsword of Precision
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,13
bonus=accuracy,6
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=276
name=Greatsword of Protection
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,13
bonus=avoidance,6
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=277
name=Fiery Greatsword
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,13
bonus=fire resist,11
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=278
name=Frozen Greatsword
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,13
bonus=ice resist,11
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=279
name=Greatsword of Destruction
level=12
quality=high
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=5,13
bonus=crit,2
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=285
name=Ragnarok
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
bonus=health,10
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=286
name=Earth Rend
level=14
quality=epic
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
bonus=health regen,3
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=287
name=Joyeuse
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
bonus=mana,8
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=288
name=Soul Rend
level=14
quality=epic
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
bonus=mana regen,3
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=289
name=Hrunting
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
bonus=accuracy,9
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=290
name=Naegling
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
bonus=avoidance,9
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=291
name=Sunblade
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
bonus=fire resist,14
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=292
name=Moonblade
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
bonus=ice resist,14
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=293
name=Armageddon
level=14
quality=epic
type=main
icon=99,3
dmg=7,14
bonus=crit,3
req=p,5
sfx=metal
gfx=greatsword
loot=greatsword

[item]
id=300
name=Wand
level=2
quality=normal
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=301
name=Cracked Wand
level=1
quality=low
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=1,5
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=302
name=Cursed Wand
level=1
quality=low
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=accuracy,-3
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=303
name=Depleted Wand
level=1
quality=low
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=crit,-1
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=305
name=Dwarven Wand
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=health,2
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=306
name=Wand of Restoration
level=4
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=health regen,1
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=307
name=Elven Wand
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=mana,4
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=308
name=Wand of Meditation
level=4
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=mana regen,1
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=309
name=Battle Wand
level=4
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=3,7
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=310
name=Wand of Accuracy
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=accuracy,3
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=311
name=Wand of Avoidance
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=avoidance,3
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=312
name=Summer Wand
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=fire resist,8
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=313
name=Winter Wand
level=3
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=ice resist,8
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=314
name=Wand of Slaying
level=4
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,6
bonus=crit,1
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=320
name=Warlord Wand
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,7
bonus=health,5
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=321
name=Wand of Victory
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,7
bonus=health regen,2
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=322
name=Archmage Wand
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,7
bonus=mana,7
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=323
name=Wand of Wizardry
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,7
bonus=mana regen,2
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=324
name=Ancient Wand
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=325
name=Wand of Precision
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,7
bonus=accuracy,6
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=326
name=Wand of Protection
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,7
bonus=avoidance,6
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=327
name=Fiery Wand
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,7
bonus=fire resist,11
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=328
name=Frozen Wand
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,7
bonus=ice resist,11
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=329
name=Wand of Destruction
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=2,7
bonus=crit,2
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=335
name=Tongue Depressor
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
bonus=health,8
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=336
name=Living Branch
level=8
quality=epic
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
bonus=health regen,3
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=337
name=Glow Stick
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
bonus=mana,10
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=338
name=Mana Catcher
level=8
quality=epic
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
bonus=mana regen,3
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=339
name=Conductor's Baton
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
bonus=accuracy,9
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=340
name=Blink Wand
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
bonus=avoidance,9
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=341
name=Enchanted Torch
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
bonus=fire resist,14
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=342
name=Snowy Branch
level=7
quality=epic
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
bonus=ice resist,14
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=343
name=Lich Finger
level=8
quality=epic
type=main
icon=100,4
dmg=4,8
bonus=crit,3
req=m,2
sfx=wood
gfx=wand
loot=wand

[item]
id=350
name=Rod
level=4
quality=normal
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=351
name=Cracked Rod
level=3
quality=low
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=2,7
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=352
name=Cursed Rod
level=3
quality=low
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=accuracy,-3
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=353
name=Depleted Rod
level=3
quality=low
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=crit,-1
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=355
name=Dwarven Rod
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=health,2
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=356
name=Rod of Restoration
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=health regen,1
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=357
name=Elven Rod
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=mana,4
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=358
name=Rod of Meditation
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=mana regen,1
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=359
name=Battle Rod
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=4,9
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=360
name=Rod of Accuracy
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=accuracy,3
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=361
name=Rod of Avoidance
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=avoidance,3
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=362
name=Summer Rod
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=fire resist,8
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=363
name=Winter Rod
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=ice resist,8
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=364
name=Rod of Slaying
level=6
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=crit,1
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=370
name=Warlord Rod
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,9
bonus=health,5
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=371
name=Rod of Victory
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,9
bonus=health regen,2
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=372
name=Archmage Rod
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,9
bonus=mana,7
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=373
name=Rod of Wizardry
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,9
bonus=mana regen,2
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=374
name=Ancient Rod
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=375
name=Rod of Precision
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,9
bonus=accuracy,6
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=376
name=Rod of Protection
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,9
bonus=avoidance,6
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=377
name=Fiery Rod
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,9
bonus=fire resist,11
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=378
name=Frozen Rod
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,9
bonus=ice resist,11
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=379
name=Rod of Destruction
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,9
bonus=crit,2
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=385
name=Scepter of Kings
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
bonus=health,8
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=386
name=Medic Rod
level=10
quality=epic
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
bonus=health regen,3
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=387
name=Sage Scepter
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
bonus=mana,10
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=388
name=Oracle Rod
level=10
quality=epic
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
bonus=mana regen,3
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=389
name=Rod of Alignment
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
bonus=accuracy,9
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=390
name=Warding Rod
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
bonus=avoidance,9
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=391
name=Ruby-Tipped Cane
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
bonus=fire resist,14
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=392
name=Diamond-Tipped Cane
level=9
quality=epic
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
bonus=ice resist,14
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=393
name=Unwraveller
level=10
quality=epic
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=5,10
bonus=crit,3
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=400
name=Staff
level=6
quality=normal
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=401
name=Cracked Staff
level=5
quality=low
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=3,9
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=402
name=Cursed Staff
level=5
quality=low
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=accuracy,-3
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=403
name=Depleted Staff
level=5
quality=low
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=crit,-1
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=405
name=Dwarven Staff
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=health,2
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=406
name=Staff of Restoration
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=health regen,1
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=407
name=Elven Staff
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=mana,4
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=408
name=Staff of Meditation
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=mana regen,1
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=409
name=Battle Staff
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=5,11
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=410
name=Staff of Accuracy
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=accuracy,3
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=411
name=Staff of Avoidance
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=avoidance,3
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=412
name=Summer Staff
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=fire resist,8
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=413
name=Winter Staff
level=7
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=ice resist,8
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=414
name=Staff of Slaying
level=8
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,10
bonus=crit,1
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=420
name=Warlord Staff
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,11
bonus=health,5
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=421
name=Staff of Victory
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,11
bonus=health regen,2
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=422
name=Archmage Staff
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,11
bonus=mana,7
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=423
name=Staff of Wizardry
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,11
bonus=mana regen,2
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=424
name=Ancient Staff
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=425
name=Staff of Precision
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,11
bonus=accuracy,6
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=426
name=Staff of Protection
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,11
bonus=avoidance,6
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=427
name=Fiery Staff
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,11
bonus=fire resist,11
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=428
name=Frozen Staff
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,11
bonus=ice resist,11
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=429
name=Staff of Destruction
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=4,11
bonus=crit,2
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=435
name=Walking Stick
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
bonus=health,8
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=436
name=Totem of Life
level=12
quality=epic
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
bonus=health regen,3
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=437
name=Cosmic Staff
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
bonus=mana,10
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=438
name=Totem of Dreams
level=12
quality=epic
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
bonus=mana regen,3
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=439
name=Staff of True Sight
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
bonus=accuracy,9
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=440
name=Staff of Trials
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
bonus=avoidance,9
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=441
name=Magma Flow
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
bonus=fire resist,14
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=442
name=Glacial Wind
level=11
quality=epic
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
bonus=ice resist,14
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=443
name=Wyvern Spine
level=12
quality=epic
type=main
icon=102,6
dmg=6,12
bonus=crit,3
req=m,4
sfx=wood
gfx=staff
loot=staff

[item]
id=450
name=Greatstaff
level=8
quality=normal
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=451
name=Cracked Greatstaff
level=7
quality=low
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=4,11
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=452
name=Cursed Greatstaff
level=7
quality=low
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=accuracy,-3
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=453
name=Depleted Greatstaff
level=7
quality=low
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=crit,-1
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=455
name=Dwarven Greatstaff
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=health,2
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=456
name=Greatstaff of Restoration
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=health regen,1
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=457
name=Elven Greatstaff
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=mana,4
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=458
name=Greatstaff of Meditation
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=mana regen,1
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=459
name=Battle Greatstaff
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=6,13
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=460
name=Rod of Accuracy
level=5
quality=high
type=main
icon=101,5
dmg=3,8
bonus=accuracy,3
req=m,3
sfx=wood
gfx=rod
loot=rod

[item]
id=461
name=Greatstaff of Avoidance
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=avoidance,3
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=462
name=Summer Greatstaff
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=fire resist,8
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=463
name=Winter Greatstaff
level=9
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=ice resist,8
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=464
name=Greatstaff of Slaying
level=10
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,12
bonus=crit,1
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=470
name=Warlord Greatstaff
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,13
bonus=health,5
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=471
name=Greatstaff of Victory
level=12
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,13
bonus=health regen,2
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=472
name=Archmage Greatstaff
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,13
bonus=mana,7
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=473
name=Greatstaff of Wizardry
level=12
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,13
bonus=mana regen,2
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=474
name=Ancient Greatstaff
level=12
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=475
name=Greatstaff of Precision
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,13
bonus=accuracy,6
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=476
name=Greatstaff of Protection
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,13
bonus=avoidance,6
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=477
name=Fiery Greatstaff
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,13
bonus=fire resist,11
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=478
name=Frozen Greatstaff
level=11
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,13
bonus=ice resist,11
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=479
name=Greatstaff of Destruction
level=12
quality=high
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=5,13
bonus=crit,2
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=485
name=Lifegiver
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
bonus=health,8
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=486
name=Preserver
level=14
quality=epic
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
bonus=health regen,3
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=487
name=Enlightenment
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
bonus=mana,10
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=488
name=Defiler
level=14
quality=epic
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
bonus=mana regen,3
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=489
name=Precognition
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
bonus=accuracy,9
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=490
name=Singularity
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
bonus=avoidance,9
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=491
name=Fission
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
bonus=fire resist,14
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=492
name=Fusion
level=13
quality=epic
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
bonus=ice resist,14
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=493
name=Cataclysm
level=14
quality=epic
type=main
icon=103,7
dmg=7,14
bonus=crit,3
req=m,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatstaff
loot=greatstaff

[item]
id=500
name=Slingshot
level=2
quality=normal
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=501
name=Cracked Slingshot
level=1
quality=low
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=1,5
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=502
name=Cursed Slingshot
level=1
quality=low
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=accuracy,-4
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=503
name=Warped Slingshot
level=1
quality=low
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=crit,-1
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=505
name=Dwarven Slingshot
level=3
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=health,3
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=506
name=Slingshot of Restoration
level=4
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=health regen,1
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=507
name=Elven Slingshot
level=3
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=mana,3
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=508
name=Slingshot of Meditation
level=4
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=mana regen,1
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=509
name=Battle Slingshot
level=4
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=3,7
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=510
name=Slingshot of Accuracy
level=3
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=accuracy,4
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=511
name=Slingshot of Avoidance
level=3
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=avoidance,2
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=512
name=Summer Slingshot
level=3
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=fire resist,6
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=513
name=Winter Slingshot
level=3
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=ice resist,6
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=514
name=Slingshot of Slaying
level=4
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,6
bonus=crit,1
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=520
name=Warlord Slingshot
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,7
bonus=health,6
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=521
name=Slingshot of Victory
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,7
bonus=health regen,2
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=522
name=Archmage Slingshot
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,7
bonus=mana,6
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=523
name=Slingshot of Wizardry
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,7
bonus=mana regen,2
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=524
name=Ancient Slingshot
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=525
name=Slingshot of Precision
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,7
bonus=accuracy,7
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=526
name=Slingshot of Protection
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,7
bonus=avoidance,5
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=527
name=Fiery Slingshot
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,7
bonus=fire resist,9
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=528
name=Frozen Slingshot
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,7
bonus=ice resist,9
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=529
name=Slingshot of Destruction
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=2,7
bonus=crit,2
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=535
name=Ash Branch
level=7
quality=epic
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
bonus=health,9
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=536
name=Rock Sling
level=8
quality=epic
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
bonus=health regen,3
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=537
name=Willow Branch
level=7
quality=epic
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
bonus=mana,9
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=538
name=Wind Sling
level=8
quality=epic
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
bonus=mana regen,3
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=539
name=Urchin Sling
level=7
quality=epic
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
bonus=accuracy,10
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=540
name=Swift Sling
level=7
quality=epic
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
bonus=avoidance,8
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=541
name=Ember Slinger
level=7
quality=epic
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
bonus=fire resist,12
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=542
name=Snowball Slinger
level=7
quality=epic
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
bonus=ice resist,12
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=543
name=Giant Slayer
level=8
quality=epic
type=off
icon=104,8
dmg=4,8
bonus=crit,3
req=o,2
sfx=wood
gfx=slingshot
loot=slingshot

[item]
id=550
name=Shortbow
level=4
quality=normal
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=551
name=Cracked Shortbow
level=3
quality=low
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=2,7
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=552
name=Cursed Shortbow
level=3
quality=low
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=accuracy,-4
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=553
name=Warped Shortbow
level=3
quality=low
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=crit,-1
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=555
name=Dwarven Shortbow
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=health,3
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=556
name=Shortbow of Restoration
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=health regen,1
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=557
name=Elven Shortbow
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=mana,3
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=558
name=Shortbow of Meditation
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=mana regen,1
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=559
name=Battle Shortbow
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=4,9
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=560
name=Shortbow of Accuracy
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=accuracy,4
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=561
name=Shortbow of Avoidance
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=avoidance,2
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=562
name=Summer Shortbow
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=fire resist,6
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=563
name=Winter Shortbow
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=ice resist,6
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=564
name=Shortbow of Slaying
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,8
bonus=crit,1
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=570
name=Warlord Shortbow
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,9
bonus=health,6
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=571
name=Shortbow of Victory
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,9
bonus=health regen,2
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=572
name=Archmage Shortbow
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,9
bonus=mana,6
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=573
name=Shortbow of Wizardry
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,9
bonus=mana regen,2
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=574
name=Ancient Shortbow
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=575
name=Shortbow of Precision
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,9
bonus=accuracy,7
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=576
name=Shortbow of Protection
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,9
bonus=avoidance,5
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=577
name=Fiery Shortbow
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,9
bonus=fire resist,9
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=578
name=Frozen Shortbow
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,9
bonus=ice resist,9
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=579
name=Shortbow of Destruction
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=3,9
bonus=crit,2
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=585
name=Orc Chieftan
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
bonus=health,9
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=586
name=Crag Bow
level=10
quality=epic
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
bonus=health regen,3
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=587
name=Witch Doctor
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
bonus=mana,9
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=588
name=Feywild Bow
level=10
quality=epic
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
bonus=mana regen,3
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=589
name=Bandit
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
bonus=accuracy,10
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=590
name=Mithril Bow
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
bonus=avoidance,8
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=591
name=Fire Striker
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
bonus=fire resist,12
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=592
name=Ice Striker
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
bonus=ice resist,12
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=593
name=Assassin
level=10
quality=epic
type=off
icon=105,9
dmg=5,10
bonus=crit,3
req=o,3
sfx=wood
gfx=shortbow
loot=shortbow

[item]
id=600
name=Longbow
level=6
quality=normal
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=601
name=Cracked Longbow
level=5
quality=low
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=3,9
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=602
name=Cursed Longbow
level=5
quality=low
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=accuracy,-4
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=603
name=Warped Longbow
level=5
quality=low
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=crit,-1
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=605
name=Dwarven Longbow
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=health,3
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=606
name=Longbow of Restoration
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=health regen,1
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=607
name=Elven Longbow
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=mana,3
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=608
name=Longbow of Meditation
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=mana regen,1
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=609
name=Battle Longbow
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=5,11
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=610
name=Longbow of Accuracy
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=accuracy,4
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=611
name=Longbow of Avoidance
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=avoidance,2
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=612
name=Summer Longbow
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=fire resist,6
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=613
name=Winter Longbow
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=ice resist,6
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=614
name=Longbow of Slaying
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,10
bonus=crit,1
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=620
name=Warlord Longbow
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,11
bonus=health,6
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=621
name=Longbow of Victory
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,11
bonus=health regen,2
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=622
name=Archmage Longbow
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,11
bonus=mana,6
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=623
name=Longbow of Wizardry
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,11
bonus=mana regen,2
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=624
name=Ancient Longbow
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=625
name=Longbow of Precision
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,11
bonus=accuracy,7
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=626
name=Longbow of Protection
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,11
bonus=avoidance,5
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=627
name=Fiery Longbow
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,11
bonus=fire resist,9
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=628
name=Frozen Longbow
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,11
bonus=ice resist,9
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=629
name=Longbow of Destruction
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=4,11
bonus=crit,2
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=635
name=Thunder
level=11
quality=epic
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
bonus=health,9
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=636
name=Bow of the World Tree
level=12
quality=epic
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
bonus=health regen,3
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=637
name=Lightning
level=11
quality=epic
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
bonus=mana,9
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=638
name=Pharaoh
level=12
quality=epic
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
bonus=mana regen,3
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=639
name=Ranger's Bow
level=11
quality=epic
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
bonus=accuracy,10
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=640
name=Siege Bow
level=11
quality=epic
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
bonus=avoidance,8
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=641
name=Ruby Strand
level=11
quality=epic
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
bonus=fire resist,12
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=642
name=Diamond Strand
level=11
quality=epic
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
bonus=ice resist,12
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=643
name=Death Mark
level=12
quality=epic
type=off
icon=106,10
dmg=6,12
bonus=crit,3
req=o,4
sfx=wood
gfx=longbow
loot=longbow

[item]
id=650
name=Greatbow
level=8
quality=normal
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=651
name=Cracked Greatbow
level=7
quality=low
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=4,11
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=652
name=Cursed Greatbow
level=7
quality=low
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=accuracy,-4
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=653
name=Warped Greatbow
level=7
quality=low
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=crit,-1
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=655
name=Dwarven Greatbow
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=health,3
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=656
name=Greatbow of Restoration
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=health regen,1
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=657
name=Elven Greatbow
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=mana,3
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=658
name=Greatbow of Meditation
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=mana regen,1
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=659
name=Battle Greatbow
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=6,13
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=660
name=Greatbow of Accuracy
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=accuracy,4
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=661
name=Greatbow of Avoidance
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=avoidance,2
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=662
name=Summer Greatbow
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=fire resist,6
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=663
name=Winter Greatbow
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=ice resist,6
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=664
name=Greatbow of Slaying
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,12
bonus=crit,1
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=670
name=Warlord Greatbow
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,13
bonus=health,6
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=671
name=Greatbow of Victory
level=12
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,13
bonus=health regen,2
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=672
name=Archmage Greatbow
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,13
bonus=mana,6
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=673
name=Greatbow of Wizardry
level=12
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,13
bonus=mana regen,2
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=674
name=Ancient Greatbow
level=12
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=7,14
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=675
name=Greatbow of Precision
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,13
bonus=accuracy,7
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=676
name=Greatbow of Protection
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,13
bonus=avoidance,5
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=677
name=Fiery Greatbow
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,13
bonus=fire resist,9
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=678
name=Frozen Greatbow
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,13
bonus=ice resist,9
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=679
name=Greatbow of Destruction
level=12
quality=high
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=5,13
bonus=crit,2
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=685
name=Dragonslayer
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=7,14
bonus=health,9
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=686
name=Vampire Hunter
level=14
quality=epic
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=7,14
bonus=health regen,3
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=687
name=Dimensional Rift
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=7,14
bonus=mana,9
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=688
name=Vortex
level=14
quality=epic
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=7,14
bonus=mana regen,3
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=689
name=Gladys
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=7,14
bonus=accuracy,10
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=690
name=Ballista
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=7,14
bonus=avoidance,8
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=691
name=Starfire
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=7,14
bonus=fire resist,12
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=692
name=Voidfire
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=107,11
dmg=7,14
bonus=ice resist,12
req=o,5
sfx=wood
gfx=greatbow
loot=greatbow

[item]
id=693
name=Chaos
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=112,16
abs=1
bonus=crit,3
sfx=cloth
gfx=clothes
loot=clothes

[item]
id=700
name=Leather Armor
level=2
quality=normal
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=701
name=Cracked Leather Armor
level=1
quality=low
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=0,1
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=702
name=Cursed Leather Armor
level=1
quality=low
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=avoidance,-4
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=705
name=Dwarven Leather Armor
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=health,3
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=706
name=Leather Armor of Restoration
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=health regen,1
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=707
name=Elven Leather Armor
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=mana,3
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=708
name=Leather Armor of Meditation
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=mana regen,1
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=709
name=Battle Leather Armor
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=710
name=Leather Armor of Accuracy
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=accuracy,2
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=711
name=Leather Armor of Avoidance
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=avoidance,4
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=712
name=Summer Leather Armor
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=fire resist,10
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=713
name=Winter Leather Armor
level=3
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=ice resist,10
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=714
name=Leather Armor of Slaying
level=4
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1
bonus=crit,1
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=720
name=Warlord Leather Armor
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
bonus=health,6
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=721
name=Leather Armor of Victory
level=6
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
bonus=health regen,2
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=722
name=Archmage Leather Armor
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
bonus=mana,6
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=723
name=Leather Armor of Wizardry
level=6
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
bonus=mana regen,2
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=724
name=Ancient Leather Armor
level=6
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=725
name=Leather Armor of Precision
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
bonus=accuracy,5
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=726
name=Leather Armor of Protection
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
bonus=avoidance,7
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=727
name=Fiery Leather Armor
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
bonus=fire resist,15
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=728
name=Frozen Leather Armor
level=5
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
bonus=ice resist,15
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=729
name=Leather Armor of Destruction
level=6
quality=high
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=1,2
bonus=crit,2
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=735
name=Barbarian Wrap
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
bonus=health,9
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=736
name=Bugbear Tunic
level=8
quality=epic
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
bonus=health regen,3
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=737
name=Runic Leather
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
bonus=mana,9
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=738
name=Battlemage Tunic
level=8
quality=epic
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
bonus=mana regen,3
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=739
name=Predator Hide
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
bonus=accuracy,8
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=740
name=Chimera Hide
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
bonus=avoidance,10
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=741
name=Red Dragonhide
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
bonus=fire resist,20
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=742
name=White Dragonhide
level=7
quality=epic
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
bonus=ice resist,20
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=743
name=Ninja Gi
level=8
quality=epic
type=body
icon=108,12
abs=2
bonus=crit,3
req=d,2
sfx=leather
gfx=leather_armor
loot=leather_armor

[item]
id=750
name=Buckler
level=4
quality=normal
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=751
name=Cracked Buckler
level=4
quality=low
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,1
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=752
name=Cursed Buckler
level=3
quality=low
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=avoidance,-4
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=755
name=Dwarven Buckler
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=health,3
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=756
name=Buckler of Restoration
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=health regen,1
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=757
name=Elven Buckler
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=mana,3
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=758
name=Buckler of Meditation
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=mana regen,1
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=759
name=Battle Buckler
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=760
name=Buckler of Accuracy
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=accuracy,2
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=761
name=Buckler of Avoidance
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=avoidance,4
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=762
name=Summer Buckler
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=fire resist,10
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=763
name=Winter Buckler
level=5
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=ice resist,10
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=764
name=Buckler of Slaying
level=6
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,2
bonus=crit,1
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=770
name=Warlord Buckler
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
bonus=health,6
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=771
name=Buckler of Victory
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
bonus=health regen,2
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=772
name=Archmage Buckler
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
bonus=mana,6
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=773
name=Buckler of Wizardry
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
bonus=mana regen,2
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=774
name=Ancient Buckler
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=775
name=Buckler of Precision
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
bonus=accuracy,5
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=776
name=Buckler of Protection
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
bonus=avoidance,7
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=777
name=Fiery Buckler
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
bonus=fire resist,15
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=778
name=Frozen Buckler
level=7
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
bonus=ice resist,15
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=779
name=Buckler of Destruction
level=8
quality=high
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=0,3
bonus=crit,2
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=785
name=Gladiator Buckler
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
bonus=health,9
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=786
name=Holy Targe
level=10
quality=epic
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
bonus=health regen,3
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=787
name=Averguard Disc
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
bonus=mana,9
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=788
name=Mage Targe
level=10
quality=epic
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
bonus=mana regen,3
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=789
name=Focus Buckler
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
bonus=accuracy,8
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=790
name=Guardian Targe
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
bonus=avoidance,10
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=791
name=Heat Barrier
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
bonus=fire resist,20
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=792
name=Cold Barrier
level=9
quality=epic
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
bonus=ice resist,20
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=793
name=Spiked Buckler
level=10
quality=epic
type=off
icon=109,13
abs=1,3
bonus=crit,3
req=d,3
sfx=wood
gfx=buckler
loot=buckler

[item]
id=800
name=Steel Armor
level=6
quality=normal
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=801
name=Cracked Steel Armor
level=5
quality=low
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=1,2
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=802
name=Cursed Steel Armor
level=5
quality=low
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=avoidance,-4
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=805
name=Dwarven Steel Armor
level=7
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=health,3
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=806
name=Steel Armor of Restoration
level=8
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=health regen,1
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=807
name=Elven Steel Armor
level=7
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=mana,3
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=808
name=Steel Armor of Meditation
level=8
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=mana regen,1
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=809
name=Battle Steel Armor
level=8
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=810
name=Steel Armor of Accuracy
level=7
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=accuracy,2
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=811
name=Steel Armor of Avoidance
level=7
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=avoidance,4
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=812
name=Summer Steel Armor
level=7
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=fire resist,10
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=813
name=Winter Steel Armor
level=7
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=ice resist,10
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=814
name=Steel Armor of Slaying
level=8
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2
bonus=crit,1
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=820
name=Warlord Steel Armor
level=9
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
bonus=health,6
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=821
name=Steel Armor of Victory
level=10
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
bonus=health regen,2
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=822
name=Archmage Steel Armor
level=9
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
bonus=mana,6
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=823
name=Steel Armor of Wizardry
level=10
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
bonus=mana regen,2
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=824
name=Ancient Steel Armor
level=10
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=825
name=Steel Armor of Precision
level=9
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
bonus=accuracy,5
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=826
name=Steel Armor of Protection
level=9
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
bonus=avoidance,7
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=827
name=Fiery Steel Armor
level=9
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
bonus=fire resist,15
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=828
name=Frozen Steel Armor
level=9
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
bonus=ice resist,15
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=829
name=Steel Armor of Destruction
level=10
quality=high
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=2,3
bonus=crit,2
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=835
name=Knight's Cuirass
level=11
quality=epic
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
bonus=health,9
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=836
name=Wyrmrider Maille
level=12
quality=epic
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
bonus=health regen,3
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=837
name=Paladin's Oath
level=11
quality=epic
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
bonus=mana,9
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=838
name=Cleric Maille
level=12
quality=epic
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
bonus=mana regen,3
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=839
name=Jousting Armor
level=11
quality=epic
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
bonus=accuracy,8
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=840
name=Titan Plate
level=11
quality=epic
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
bonus=avoidance,10
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=841
name=Ruby Scale Armor
level=11
quality=epic
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
bonus=fire resist,20
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=842
name=Diamond Scale Armor
level=11
quality=epic
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
bonus=ice resist,20
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=843
name=Marauder Maille
level=12
quality=epic
type=body
icon=110,14
abs=3
bonus=crit,3
req=d,4
sfx=maille
gfx=steel_armor
loot=steel_armor

[item]
id=850
name=Shield
level=8
quality=normal
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=851
name=Cracked Shield
level=7
quality=low
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=0,3
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=852
name=Cursed Shield
level=7
quality=low
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=avoidance,-4
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=855
name=Dwarven Shield
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=health,3
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=856
name=Shield of Restoration
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=health regen,1
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=857
name=Elven Shield
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=mana,3
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=858
name=Shield of Meditation
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=mana regen,1
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=859
name=Battle Shield
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=860
name=Shield of Accuracy
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=accuracy,2
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=861
name=Shield of Avoidance
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=avoidance,4
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=862
name=Summer Shield
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=fire resist,10
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=863
name=Winter Shield
level=9
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=ice resist,10
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=864
name=Shield of Slaying
level=10
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,3
bonus=crit,1
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=870
name=Warlord Shield
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
bonus=health,6
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=871
name=Shield of Victory
level=12
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
bonus=health regen,2
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=872
name=Archmage Shield
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
bonus=mana,6
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=873
name=Shield of Wizardry
level=12
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
bonus=mana regen,2
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=874
name=Ancient Shield
level=12
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=875
name=Shield of Precision
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
bonus=accuracy,5
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=876
name=Shield of Protection
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
bonus=avoidance,7
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=877
name=Fiery Shield
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
bonus=fire resist,15
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=878
name=Frozen Shield
level=11
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
bonus=ice resist,15
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=879
name=Shield of Destruction
level=12
quality=high
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=1,4
bonus=crit,2
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=885
name=Knight's Defense
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
bonus=health,9
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=886
name=Aegis of Life
level=14
quality=epic
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
bonus=health regen,3
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=887
name=Paladin's Honor
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
bonus=mana,9
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=888
name=Aegis of Ether
level=14
quality=epic
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
bonus=mana regen,3
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=889
name=Steel Ward
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
bonus=accuracy,8
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=890
name=The Rook
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
bonus=avoidance,10
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=891
name=Flame Tower
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
bonus=fire resist,20
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=892
name=Frost Tower
level=13
quality=epic
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
bonus=ice resist,20
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=893
name=Blood Ward
level=14
quality=epic
type=off
icon=111,15
abs=2,4
bonus=crit,3
req=d,5
sfx=heavy
gfx=shield
loot=shield

[item]
id=900
name=Belt
level=3
quality=normal
type=artifact
icon=115,19
sfx=leather
loot=belt

[item]
id=901
name=Tattered Belt
level=3
quality=low
type=artifact
icon=115,19
sfx=leather
loot=belt

[item]
id=902
name=Dwarven Belt
level=4
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=115,19
bonus=health,5
sfx=leather
loot=belt

[item]
id=903
name=Elven Belt
level=4
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=115,19
bonus=mana,5
sfx=leather
loot=belt

[item]
id=904
name=Warlord Belt
level=6
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=115,19
bonus=health,10
sfx=leather
loot=belt

[item]
id=905
name=Archmage Belt
level=6
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=115,19
bonus=mana,10
sfx=leather
loot=belt

[item]
id=906
name=Trollhair Belt
level=8
quality=epic
type=artifact
icon=115,19
bonus=health,15
sfx=leather
loot=belt

[item]
id=907
name=Spellpouch Belt
level=8
quality=epic
type=artifact
icon=115,19
bonus=mana,15
sfx=leather
loot=belt

[item]
id=910
name=Boots
level=4
quality=normal
type=artifact
icon=113,17
sfx=leather
loot=boots

[item]
id=911
name=Tattered Boots
level=4
quality=low
type=artifact
icon=113,17
sfx=leather
loot=boots

[item]
id=912
name=Boots of Speed
level=6
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=113,17
bonus=speed,2
sfx=leather
loot=boots

[item]
id=913
name=Boots of Avoidance
level=5
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=113,17
bonus=avoidance,5
sfx=leather
loot=boots

[item]
id=914
name=Boots of Travel
level=8
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=113,17
bonus=speed,4
sfx=leather
loot=boots

[item]
id=915
name=Boots of Protection
level=7
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=113,17
bonus=avoidance,10
sfx=leather
loot=boots

[item]
id=916
name=Windwalker Boots
level=10
quality=epic
type=artifact
icon=113,17
bonus=speed,6
sfx=leather
loot=boots

[item]
id=917
name=Phase Step Boots
level=9
quality=epic
type=artifact
icon=113,17
bonus=avoidance,15
sfx=leather
loot=boots

[item]
id=940
name=Ring
level=7
quality=normal
type=artifact
icon=114,18
sfx=gem
loot=ring

[item]
id=941
name=Tarnished Ring
level=7
quality=low
type=artifact
icon=114,18
sfx=gem
loot=ring

[item]
id=942
name=Ring of Restoration
level=9
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=114,18
bonus=health regen,2
sfx=gem
loot=ring

[item]
id=943
name=Ring of Meditation
level=9
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=114,18
bonus=mana regen,2
sfx=gem
loot=ring

[item]
id=944
name=Ring of Victory
level=11
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=114,18
bonus=health regen,4
sfx=gem
loot=ring

[item]
id=945
name=Ring of Wizardry
level=11
quality=high
type=artifact
icon=114,18
bonus=mana regen,4
sfx=gem
loot=ring

[item]
id=946
name=Signet of Forgotten Kings
level=13
quality=epic
type=artifact
icon=114,18
bonus=health regen,6
sfx=gem
loot=ring

[item]
id=947
name=Band of Enlightenment
level=13
quality=epic
type=artifact
icon=114,18
bonus=mana regen,6
sfx=gem
loot=ring


# Dungeon Master's test items
[item]
id=1023
name=Boots of Testing Really Large Maps
quality=epic
icon=113,17
type=artifact
sfx=leather
loot=boots
bonus=speed,10

[item]
id=1022
name=Adamantium Ring of Mutant Healing
quality=epic
icon=114,18
type=artifact
sfx=gem
loot=ring
bonus=health regen,1000


